{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww9600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

Visit {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.mccauslandcenter.sc.edu/CRNL/tools/mricro"}{\fldrslt http://www.mccauslandcenter.sc.edu/CRNL/tools/mricro}} for sample images \
\


\b To open an image:\

\b0 You can drag your image files to the application icon, drop the files on an open window or choose to open an image from the File menu. This software will display NIfTI (HDR and NII), AFNI (HEAD), ITK/VTK (MHA and MHD) and most DICOM format images. By default a new image is opened in place of the previous image. To open an image in a new window, choose \'93New\'94 from the File menu.\
\

\b To open overlays:\

\b0 After you have opened a background image, you can stack an additional image on top by choosing \'93Add Overlay\'94 from the File menu. You can use the tool bar to adjust the color scheme and intensity range of the overlay. \
\

\b To change appearance of 2D slices:
\b0 \
Click click and click drag on 2D slices to change crosshair position. You can drag the mouse while holding down the right mouse button (or the left button with the shift key down) to adjust the contrast. Moving a mouse scroll wheel up and down (or dragging up or down with two fingers on a touch pad) will adjust the transparency of an overlay on the background. If you are viewing a 4D image (e.g. an fMRI time series or a series of diffusion directions) this same gesture will cycle through the volumes.\
\

\b To change appearance of 3D slices:
\b0 \
Click and drag to rotate the volume. To grow or shrink a clip plane use the touch pad pinch gesture (or right-drag with the mouse). Scrolling will adjust the position of the clip plane.\
\

\b License:
\b0 \
Copyright (c) 2021, Chris Rorden\
All rights reserved.\
\
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \
\
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \
\
This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors "as is" and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright owner or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.\

}